A software webbased infrastructure project meant to assist me in my gardening and allow me to monitor various data of my garden (and learn coding integration at the same time!!)  

[31/07/2025] - Raw description: 
"alright so i want to start on a new project since for now the expression website is done as long as i dont have any music and new stuff i want to add. So the new project will be a web-based platform for myself where i can see in realtime data from my garden. So on the shed of my garden ill have a raspberry pi weather station which records data like humidity, temperature, hours of sunlight, solar production, battery load and even windspeed. Eventually adding an irrigation system and rainwaterbarrel load measuring system etc. I plan on making a website with multiple pages for seperate usecases. So for example one page has the data from the weather station, another page is for the irrigation (where only i can directly manage the irrigation so ill make a sort of password or passkey system where only a few ip adresses are permitted to make changes), another page where ive logged where and when ive planted seeds on what patch (i could make a graphic interface where you see the patch in proportional dimentions with areas coloured of the seeds being sown, also marked on the side when the last time ive tilted the soil, and also moisture level, last time it rained, amount of sun approx hitting the earth), and a page for the solar power and electricity grid, finally a page for the krakty tomato buckets with some data and especially nutrient profile of the water the plants are in. So basically ill have to combine a ton of things together for this project but i look forward to it and i think its portfolio gold to be honest. Now how i want to start is to setup a very basic site with a navigationbar and a few pages. I could literally copy paste some code from my expression website so ill do that. But first ive made a new repository on git and a folder in my icloud like i did for the expression website. "

[31/07/2025] - Made a barebones structure themed in frutiger aero. The homepage has a frituger aero image too!

[01/08/2025] - Added pages and done some major bugfixing regarding the pathing of how gitpages reads the pathing. Solved by making most pathing relative so it works for both the local server and the gitpages. Only for the navigatoinbar i still have two seperate scripts since the navigationbar with relative pathing wont work unless i make a seperate navigation bar for each html page. I hope this will work now though. 